Pagination: Add showPageSizeSelector: 'auto' info (#8015)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPagination/1 Configuration/itemCount.md

Specifies the total number of items.

---
Define this property to ensure Pagination functions properly.

[note]

> If the [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#pageSize) value is greater than **itemCount**, Pagination hides itself. To avoid this behavior, assign `true` to at least one of the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#pageSize) value is greater than **itemCount**, Pagination is hidden. To avoid this behavior, assign `true` to at least one of the following properties:
```
